Fixed #26583 -- Silenced individual clashing name warnings in collectstatic's default verbosity. (#19574)
django/django: docs/releases/6.0.txt

  ensures consistent path ordering in manifest files, making them more
  reproducible and reducing unnecessary diffs.

> * The :djadmin:`collectstatic` command now reports skipped files only when run
>   with a verbosity level of 2 or higher. Previously, these messages were shown
>   at verbosity level 1.
>   

Reviewer: I think the wording implies that skipped files are not reported at all at verbosity 1, which may be misleading because we're now reporting just a summary instead of individual warnings for each conflicting destination path

```suggestion
* The :djadmin:collectstatic command now reports only a summary of skipped
  files due to conflicts when run with verbosity level 1. To see warnings for
  each conflicting destination path, use verbosity level 2 or higher.
  
```
(wording improvement welcome)

Author: ```suggestion
* The :djadmin:collectstatic command now reports only a summary of skipped
  files due to conflicts at verbosity level 1. To see warnings for each
  conflicting destination path, use verbosity level 2 or higher. 
```
I like it but how about replacing 'when run with' -> 'at'. To make it a little more concise, I tripped over it slightly on first read.

  ensures consistent path ordering in manifest files, making them more
  reproducible and reducing unnecessary diffs.

* The :djadmin:`collectstatic` command now reports skipped files only when run
  with a verbosity level of 2 or higher. Previously, these messages were shown
  at verbosity level 1.
  

> * The :option:`collectstatic --clear` command now reports deleted files only

Author: It's not the exact issue of the ticket, but is in the area of verbose output, as [matthiask](https://github.com/django/django/pull/13683#issuecomment-767406813) said originally
> (I know that this isn't exactly the same issue but I'm commenting here because it also concerns the very verbose output of collectstatic.)

To me if you are raising it, with your experience, then that is probably sign enough that we don't have comfort interpreting this ticket as a ticket on the general issue of verbose output in collectstatic and instead we should keep it focused to the conflict output and open a new ticket for --clear. 

To my knowledge there isn't another part of the collectstatic command that is overly verbose at level 1. So this one other ticket would be the end of it. So not a never ending burden on the triage team.

Here's my plan
 - Clean up this PR to only the conflict issue, and include your suggestions.
 - After a follow up review from yourself, I'll then rebase this PR into one commit.
 - Create a ticket for the --clear issue and reference the various existing discussions on it.
 - Create a draft commit for that and have it ready if the ticket is accepted by the triage team.
